
 ITWM-2330 Course Project
 Due Date: December 11th by Midnight

 Description

 You have been asked by Cuyahoga Community College to begin work on the front-end of a
 new web site that will be used by Student Services to help students keep track of their
 information. Another developer whom you do not know has already completed work on some
 services on the back-end which you will be utilizing. The requirements for the new site
 are still in a very early state, and so all Tri-C needs you to do at this point is get
 the basics of a Login Screen and an Account Information Screen in place. Since end-state
 requirements are not fully known, the immediate goal is to establish a foundation for the
 system architecture, and get some good patterns and technical practices in place for the
 coming work in the future. As such, the quality, readability and reusability of your code
 is of the utmost importance; even more important than the details of the functionality.

 Instructions

 NOTE: All resources are in the "Requirements" directory of the FinalProject solution.

 1.) Carefully read the Design Document which was provided for you by the Project Architect.
 2.) Carefully read the Technical Specifications provided by the Back-End Developer.
 3.) Carefully examine the Mockup Images provided by the UX Designer.
 4.) Modify the "FinalProject" solution to develop the new Front-End according to requirements.

 REMINDER: You only have to modify "Index.cshtml", "Home.js" and "Home.css".

 Grading

 Functionality of Interaction with Login Service                  [15 pts.]
 Functionality of Interaction with Create Account Service         [15 pts.]
 Functionality of Interaction with Account Information Service    [15 pts.]
 Functionality of Interaction with Account Add/Update Service     [15 pts.]
 Matches Responsive UX Requirements for Login Screen              [15 pts.]
 Matches Responsive UX Requirements for Account Screen Desktop    [15 pts.]
 Followed High-Level Design Document Specification                [10 pts.]

 Total                                                            [100 pts.]